restructure docs pages, add created repo details (#146)
best-practice-and-impact/govcookiecutter: docs/{{ cookiecutter.repo_name }}/README.md

# `{{ cookiecutter.repo_name }}` folder structure

This is information about the structure of the created repository contained
in the `{{ cookiecutter.repo_name }}` folder within the `govcookiecutter` repository.
Some of these files may not be present in the actual created repository, as this is

> customised based on the user's answers to the prompts on set-up.s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
customised based on the user's answers to the prompts on set-ups.
```
